In the otelcol docs, refer to either server or client TLS config. (#592)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/shared/reference/components/otelcol-tls-server-block.md

`max_version`                  | `string`       | Maximum acceptable TLS version for connections.                                              | `"TLS 1.3"` | no
`min_version`                  | `string`       | Minimum acceptable TLS version for connections.                                              | `"TLS 1.2"` | no
`cipher_suites`                | `list(string)` | A list of TLS cipher suites that the TLS transport can use.                                  | `[]`        | no
`reload_interval`              | `duration`     | The duration after which the certificate is reloaded.                                        | `"0s"`      | no
`client_ca_file`               | `string`       | Path to the TLS cert to use by the server to verify a client certificate.                    |             | no

If `reload_interval` is set to `"0s"`, the certificate never reloaded.

The following pairs of arguments are mutually exclusive and can't both be set simultaneously:

* `ca_pem` and `ca_file`
* `cert_pem` and `cert_file`
* `key_pem` and `key_file`

If `cipher_suites` is left blank, a safe default list is used.

> See the [Go Cipher Suites documentation][golang-cipher-suites] for a list of supported cipher suites.

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Go Cipher Suites documentation][golang-cipher-suites] for a list of supported cipher suites.
```

`client_ca_file` sets the `ClientCA` and `ClientAuth` to `RequireAndVerifyClientCert` in the `TLSConfig`. 

> See to the [Go TLS documentation][golang-tls] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Go TLS documentation][golang-tls] for more information.
```
